As our organization grows,
so does the need for translation of our literature.
Many remote translation offices have been set up
in countries around the world
to keep improving the quality of our translation work.
Recently, one such office was dedicated
in the African country of Namibia.
And as experiences show time and time again,
many benefits spiritually from the steady expansion
of our translation efforts.
Our brothers and sisters in Namibia are no exception.
I am happy because I'm able to read the truth
in Ashkwanyama as I cannot read other languages.
Things have become easy to understand,
because it has been explained well
and is easily understandable, it reaches the heart.
As the publications become available in a language,
it touched my heart so that I even feel physically strong.
The governing body has realized that
if we're going to get the very highest quality translation,
the translators should be in the area
where their language is spoken every day.
And many times when the translators were located
at branch offices far away from where their languages were spoken,
then many other language words were creeping in.
And also, the people began to lose touch
with just the everyday way of expressing things.
A remote translation office is an office
where translation and recording of our publications
take place.
We look at where the language is predominantly spoken
and also do we have enough congregations.
Are we going to have enough publishers
to support the translation office?
You overblast the decision,
because our brothers and sisters
from the local congregation can support
the translation office can commute.
And also, the translators can work along with the congregation.
I work with one of the translation teams.
Field Service has a big influence on my work.
It helps me increase my vocabulary.
I hear how people express themselves
and that helps me a lot in my assignment.
Because the RTO is in the location
where the language is originally spoken,
you get to hear expressions that I'm not used to
and I can also use them during my assignment.
My vocabulary also increases
because I'm around people who speak the Kwaniaman language.
So there is a lot of benefits being in the location.
Remote translation offices really, like many things,
I think have come up and kind of fooled
the governing body in a sense
because we didn't really initially see
the tremendous value that they would have.
Because as we've expanded into more
and more and more languages,
if we would have had to try to have all of these languages
at branch offices,
our branch offices would have to be so large
that the expense would be really overwhelming
for the organization.
It's a wonderful privilege to be with you,
brothers and sisters here in Namibia
for this very exciting location.
This is the very first time
that so many congregations have been tied together
via internet for a meeting.
Do you know that the number of Bible studies
has increased by one million in just two years?
Why is it that the number of Bible studies
is increasing so much in the world?
We have to attribute this at least in part
to the tremendous translation work
that's being accomplished around the world.
At present, we have three project teams.
So a project team is made of three translators
working together.
And in December of 2014,
they move to these beautiful facilities
that will be dedicated today.
The translation office is brought closer to you
so that we can have a share also in making sure
the publications are available.
To accomplish this translation work,
we need remote translation offices all over the world.
Is it your desire, brothers and sisters,
that we should dedicate this remote translation office
to the worship and praise of our God, Jehovah?